In our last session, the final member of our now band of silent saviors was introduced. [[Khatari]], a female fairy druid, longed for the embrace of the wild described to her in stories by her loving father. After some time of successfully sneaking out and meeting an elder in the woods, **[[Stonebark]]**, her gallivanting came to an end when a young servant boy fulfilling his duties informed Khataris mother of the magic that she now wielded. Khataris mother in a fit of rage and disappointment banished Khatari from her household and dubbed her an embarrassment.

Meanwhile, our band of gentleman approached the walls of [[Haven]], the remains of [[Shun’Aush the Granite Ophid]] that lay as a physical barrier from Haven to the outside world, but in the past many years slowly sowed the curse that is now known as [[Serpent’s Sickness]]. As they approached [[Khatari]] wild-shaped into a small mouse and followed behind them as they made their way through the city with purpose. Statues littered the streets of Haven, people who had succumbed to the [[Serpent’s Sickness|plague]], frozen in their final moments of anguish. The four men and their follower approached a building with a small plaque inlaid with a magnifying glass over a scroll intersecting with a dagger dripping with blood, the sigil of [[Kreil Dirn|Kreil]]. 

You all were greeted by the seeming wife of [[Kreil Dirn|Kreil]] and led to his study where he gave you a quest, and promised very little glory if any at all in return. He mentioned various pieces of information that seemingly hooked each one of you into the quest in your own ways. The quest starting with a small lead, a name, the [[Fanewraith]], a person forming a small but consequential coalition with the intention to end the rampant [[Witherwild]] by removing the [[Reaping Eye]] from [[The Great Owl Nikta, the Shepherd of the Seasons|Nikta]]. He gave you a location where you may begin your quest, [[Alula]].[[Kreil Dirn|Kreil]] did not know how this plan would fare but feels that it isn't not the way forward. He informed you that the [[Sowing Eye]] lie in a vault deep beneath the city that at this point would be folly to attempt to reclaim. He also discovered [[Khatari]] and gave her very little choice but to join the gentleman in their quest. He gave the party a [[Box of Many Goods]], a bit of coin, and that is where we now pick up.

**Is there anything that you all would like to do before you head out?**
