[[Haven]] was once the most powerful force in the region; for centuries, the high stone walls into the capital bore the phrase [[“The Godless Gate.”]] While the original meaning has been lost to common knowledge, some dusty tomes and ancient records state that the founders of [[Haven]] wished to be free of the influence of the [[Faint Divinities]] that dominated the surrounding regions. They hatched a plan to kill one of the mightiest of these deities, known as [[Shun’Aush the Granite Ophid]]. While their exact method of deicide is forgotten, their victory ensured [[Haven]]’s dominance in the region for centuries to come. They made their home behind his remains, which became the mighty walls that [[Haven]] is known for. But [[Shun’Aush the Granite Ophid]] would have his revenge. As the [[Havenites]] carved through his stone body, the fine dust left behind settled into the surrounding earth. There was a time of prosperity over many centuries while the scales of the god remained undisturbed. But progress is its own pressure. The growing population demanded increased productivity, and as farmers tilled deeper soil and miners hacked into hidden stone, the ancient stone dust rose to the surface. The same walls that brought the city security became the crucible that incubated a virulent [[Serpent’s Sickness|plague]]. 

Over the last two years, over half of [[Haven]]’s populace fell to a disease known as the [[Serpent’s Sickness]]. First, victims cough up dust. Soon after, their skin breaks out in a scaling rash. Finally, their body hardens—first the flesh, bones, and soft tissue, spreading until, finally, their organs ossify. Once within the organs, [[“the serpent”]] moves so quickly that sufferers petrify where they stand, filling [[Haven]] with statues of victims in their last moments of agony. The [[High Magus of Haven]], [[Archmage Phylax]], discovered a rare red flower called the [[crimson lady’s veil]] that could cure the [[Serpent’s Sickness]].