## Inciting Incident
The [[Reaping Eye]] is stowed in a secure vault beneath the  central tower of [[Haven]]’s wizarding school, seemingly  impossible to recover. A secretive and dangerous rebel group,  led by a mysterious figure known only as the [[Fanewraith]] (she/her), has hatched a plan to end the curse of the  [[Witherwild]]: find [[The Great Owl Nikta, the Shepherd of the Seasons|the Great Owl]], [[The Great Owl Nikta, the Shepherd of the Seasons|Nikta]], and pluck out the [[Sowing Eye]]. While this may solve the immediate problem,  the long-term consequences are not being considered, just  as they weren’t when [[Haven]] invaded.  [[Haven]]’s beleaguered spymaster, [[Kreil Dirn]] (he/him), is not  a popular person in [[Haven]]. He is responsible for rooting out  insurgents, stopping schemes before they have a chance to  start, and keeping a close watch on [[Haven]]’s internal activities.  [[Kreil Dirn|Kreil]] has never agreed—at least not openly—with [[Archmage Phylax]]’s (they/them) decision to steal the [[Reaping Eye]], and  the consequences they’ve all paid for that decision have been  grimly vindicating.  Recently, [[Kreil Dirn|Kreil]] uncovered the [[Fanewraith]]’s plot and is horrified  by the possibility of her success. Knowing he can’t send a  troop of [[Haven]] soldiers deep into the woods to hunt down and  stop the [[Fanewraith]] from stealing the [[Sowing Eye]], [[Kreil Dirn|Kreil]] uses  his vast network of informants and spies to find a group of  adventurers who can bring the [[Fanewraith]] to swift justice.  The party is sent an invitation from [[Haven]] to meet with [[Kreil Dirn|Kreil]]. But is his information correct? Does he have his own  motivation or secret ambition? Whether they come from  [[Fanewick]] or [[Haven]], the party must extend some trust to a  person who is equally as dangerous and mercurial as the  “enemy” they pursue. And what will they do when they find the  [[Fanewraith]]? Bring her to justice? Side with her? Attempt to  recover the [[Reaping Eye]]?  [[Kreil Dirn|Kreil]] advises the party to start their hunt for the [[Fanewraith]]  in the treetop village of [[Alula]], where he suspects she runs her operation.

## Visions of the past

This beat will be the introduction into the campaign and the world itself, establish tone and narrating some major events leading up to the introduction of our heroes, well before the events staged by their adventures.

  

## The lay of the land

"*Long before our story of heroism and triumph begins there was something else. There was a land that lied in a state of somehow balanced entropy. The geography of this land beget the life that stemmed from it's soils and sprouted towards the clouds. As these plants sprouted up so to did those who would protect the lands and see to it's everlasting life. Indeed the story of this land began with the egg, where it came from no one has ever known, but from that egg spawned a tiny, horned owl. Though this owl was tiny, the landed had trusted it with great responsibility, and thus bestowed upon it great power. The power of growth and decay, death and rebirth, abundance and famine, flourish and rot. Thus divinity, though Faint, had found it's way into these lands, and with it the heartbeat of these lands began to thrum. *"